README.md, before:

# Cloud Portal Application - bioexcel-jupyter
Cloud Portal application to create VM and install jupyter server on it.
It uses the ubuntu 18.04-python image from openstack and installs conda, jupyter using ansible.

---

## Requirements


## Instructions
Import project to ECP, enter inputs if required and deploy.

## Default values

### `Deployment parameters`

| Parameter name (default)     | Example value                           | Description |
| ---                          | --------                                |---          |
|`remote_user` (`ubuntu`)      |                                         |             | 
|`machine_type` (`s1.small`)   |                                         | Flavour of the instance |
|`floating_ip_pool` (`ext-net`)|                                         | Preexisting Floating IP pool |
|`network_name`                | `PROJECT-network`                       | Preexisting network to which an instance will be attached |
|`repo_url`                    | `https://github.com/bioexcel/biobb_wf_md_setup` | URL of Github repository containing the notebook |
|`conda_environment`           | `biobb_MDsetup_tutorial`                | Conda Environment name |
|`conda_environment_file_path` | `conda_env/environment.yml`             | Conda environment file path relative to the repository root |          
|`python_version`              | `3.6`                                   | Python version for Conda Environment | 
|`package_install`             | `conda install pocl; conda install -y -c bioconda biobb_analysis==2.0.1` | Specify additional install commands, separated with a semicolon (;). Arbitrary list of packages will be installed, when environment path not specified plus `pocl`, when `package_install` not specified |
|`post_install`                | `jupyter-nbextension enable --py --user widgetsnbextension; jupyter-nbextension enable --py --user nglview` | Specify some additional commands to execute after activating environment. Arbitrary `jupyter-nbextension` command executed, when `package_install` not specified |


### `Inputs`

| Parameter name          | Parameter value       |
| ---                     | ---                   |
| `disk_image_name`       | `ubuntu-18.04-python`        |

### Open Ports
The virtual machine provided will have this ports open.

`ICMP`: `all`  
`TCP` : `22`
`TCP` : `8443`

Commit message:

Add docker installation with swtich option

README.md, after:

# Cloud Portal Application - bioexcel-jupyter
Cloud Portal application to create VM and install jupyter server on it.
It uses the ubuntu 18.04-python image from openstack and installs conda, jupyter using ansible.

---

## Requirements


## Instructions
Import project to ECP, enter inputs if required and deploy.

## Default values

### `Deployment parameters`

| Parameter name (default)     | Example value                           | Description |
| ---                          | --------                                |---          |
|`remote_user` (`ubuntu`)      |                                         |             | 
|`machine_type` (`s1.small`)   |                                         | Flavour of the instance |
|`floating_ip_pool` (`ext-net`)|                                         | Preexisting Floating IP pool |
|`network_name`                | `PROJECT-network`                       | Preexisting network to which an instance will be attached |
|`repo_url`                    | `https://github.com/bioexcel/biobb_wf_md_setup` | URL of Github repository containing the notebook |
|`conda_environment`           | `biobb_MDsetup_tutorial`                | Conda Environment name |
|`conda_environment_file_path` | `conda_env/environment.yml`             | Conda environment file path relative to the repository root |          
|`python_version`              | `3.6`                                   | Python version for Conda Environment | 
|`package_install`             | `conda install pocl; conda install -y -c bioconda biobb_analysis==2.0.1` | Specify additional install commands, separated with a semicolon (;). Arbitrary list of packages will be installed, when environment path not specified plus `pocl`, when `package_install` not specified |
|`post_install`                | `jupyter-nbextension enable --py --user widgetsnbextension; jupyter-nbextension enable --py --user nglview` | Specify some additional commands to execute after activating environment. Arbitrary `jupyter-nbextension` command executed, when `package_install` not specified |
|`docker_install`              | `yes` or `no`                           | the flag to set whether docker needs to be installed or not |


### `Inputs`

| Parameter name          | Parameter value       |
| ---                     | ---                   |
| `disk_image_name`       | `ubuntu-18.04-python`        |

### Open Ports
The virtual machine provided will have this ports open.

`ICMP`: `all`  
`TCP` : `22`
`TCP` : `8443`
